[Music]
it's funny you don't have to go to the
cinema to see the wildest plot twists
life is the best script writer there is
so today I'm gonna tell you the craziest
stories that ever happen in real life
but pay attention because one of them is
not what it seems
Jack the baboon the 19th century was
pretty tough for a lot of people and
signalman James White was one of them he
worked for the Cape Town Port Elizabeth
railway service and was often called the
jumper since he always used to jump
between rail cars but one day this habit
bit him back he fell and lost both of
his legs after this scary incident he
decided that he needed an assistant and
got a baboon whom he later named Jack to
get the job done why you think the
baboon can't do it well the joke's on
you because Jack worked at the station
for nine years and never made a single
mistake
the railway even employed him officially
paying the baboon about 20 cents a day
Jack's service ended in 1890 though he
died of tuberculosis the longest
performance have you ever been to a
concert that seemed like it lasted for
ages if so don't forget to tell me whose
performance it was in the comments
well German musicians and philosophers
decided to play a musical piece for ages
literally and chose John Cage's
organ ASL SP for the job they followed
the composer's instructions to play it
as slow as possible and thought that 639
years would be just enough considering
the fact that the musical piece has been
played at st. / Karthik Church in
Germany since 2001 it won't end until 26
40 what a time to be alive raising
Chicago hey if you're from Chicago I
have a very fascinating historical
flashback for you in the 19th century
Chicago was just a few feet above the
Lake Michigan water level which brought
all
of problems the water couldn't drain
properly so the streets constantly
became a muddy mess creating a system
for good draining was way too expensive
and long so the authorities went for the
second best option
raising the whole city a couple of feet
up and even though it seems kind of
impossible the bold plan slowly started
to become more and more real it took
about two decades to raise the city up
and the most exceptional thing is that
chicago's busy life never stopped people
were staying in hotels visiting
restaurants and going to the grocery
stores all while these buildings were
raised inch by inch every single day
mind-blowing the luckiest woman people
have gone through some seriously
dangerous situations but nothing
compares to what polish German
paraglider Ava wished Nishka face back
in 2007 on Valentine's Day wish Nair sky
decided to fly a little to prepare for
the upcoming paragliding World
Championship despite the not-so-great
weather reports and it turned out to be
her worst decision eventually worse
norske got trapped in the updraft of two
thunderstorms no matter how much he
tried to get out she was still lifted to
a height of more than 32 thousand feet
low temperature and the lack of oxygen
took their toll and wish nurse co lost
consciousness thankfully after some time
the paraglider started to fall so she
came around and landed successfully her
breathtaking story moved everybody so
much that abc1 and france 5 did a whole
film about it called miracle in the
storm Hoover the talking seal in 1971 a
baby seal was found on the shore as it
turned out its mother had died so a man
named George swallow took it home and
named it Hoover Hoover grew pretty fast
and spent tons of time with his dad
slowly mimicking george accent in catch
phrases however one day Hoover got so
big and needed so much food that swallow
couldn't keep him anymore and gave him
away
the New England Aquarium at first Hoover
was silent he didn't say a word for five
whole years but as he began to feel more
comfortable around new people and
surroundings
Hoover started talking again his golden
phrases included hello there and come
over here of course the talking seal
quickly became famous and even appeared
on Good Morning America mysterious
disappearance back in the 20th century
something really weird happened in
Australia a couple who decided to have a
picnic in the forest called the police
saying they had found a body in the
woods they were too afraid to go near it
and waited for policemen the police and
ambulance that came soon after examined
the grey skinned and wounded body and
stated that the person was still alive a
quick trip to the nearby hospital
revealed a shocking discovery about 80%
of this strange human system was
completely different so the doctors had
no idea how to improve the situation as
everyone was anxiously looking for ways
to solve the mystery the body simply
disappeared from the locked and guarded
hospital ward
needless to say nobody knows what really
happened to this very day
spooky risky bet in 1956 a fearless
American pilot Thomas Fitzpatrick made a
bet that he could land a plane on the
streets of New York
he stole a single-engine plane from the
Teterboro school of Aeronautics in New
Jersey and flew it all the way to New
York winning the bet he got lucky and
only received a $100 fine as the planes
owner didn't press charges
however just two years later the story
repeated itself Fitzpatrick was at a bar
and told the bartender all about his
crazy bet the bartender didn't believe
him
so Thomas stole another plane and landed
right in front of yeshivah University
this time he got his punishment
Fitzpatrick was sentenced to six months
in prison
penguin love in 2007 two of the cutest
penguins rape and his mate Midori
were transferred to tobu zoo at this
point these lovebirds have been together
for almost a decade however this didn't
stop Midori from leaving grape cone for
a younger penguin this really broke
grape cone he isolated himself from the
other penguins and started to spend less
and less time interacting that was until
the zoo decided to put up a cutout of
the anime character who lu lu near grape
cones enclosure believe it or not the
penguin fell in love he could spend
hours looking at who lu lu and tried to
do everything he could to reach the cut
out unfortunately
he was already 20 years old at the time
and his health wasn't getting any better
he died the same year and in 2018 toboe
zoo displayed another touching cut out
this time who Lulu wasn't alone the
illustration of grape cone was standing
right next to her ah the power of love
the lawnchair flight have you ever seen
the movie up well long before it came
out one man actually went on a daring
balloon adventure sort of Larry Walters
always wanted to be a pilot but his
dream would never come true because of
his poor eyesight one day he decided to
do a flight of his own he bought 45
eight-foot weather balloons filled them
with helium and strapped himself into
this lawn chair he also took a pellet
gun to shoot the balloons to go back
down a camera a CB radio a couple of
sandwiches and a beer and he really did
need all of that as he managed to climb
all the way up to 16,000 feet he spent
about 45 minutes in the sky shooting
several balloons but as he went down the
balloons cables got caught in a power
line causing a 20-minute blackout
luckily Walters landed safely after all
his crazy adventure was awarded the at
risk survivor title in the famous Darwin
Awards and sparked a new kind of sport
called cluster ballooning
rabbit pregnancy back in 1726 england
had one of the biggest controversies of
its long history a young woman named
mary Toft gave birth to something that
looked a lot like several animal parts
she sent them to dr. john howard he
didn't believe her at first but then she
showed him other animal bits from her
birth experience some of them looked a
lot like rabbit pieces and he decide to
look into this strange case
Mary story quickly became extremely
popular so popular that the British
royal family sent their own investigator
to find out what's going on
after tons of investigations and
examinations and a couple more rabbit
deliveries from Mary the truth finally
came out
Mary's scary and mysterious story was
nothing more than a hoax apparently her
husband Joshua simply bought young
rabbits and helped his wife fool the
world I don't know about you but I
definitely don't want to know how these
two came up with this wild idea so
remember what I said at the beginning
yep now's your turn to determine which
of these stories is actually fake yep
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend but hey don't go anywhere
just yet we have over 2,000 cool videos
for you to check out all you have to do
is pick the left or right video click on
it and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life